# Revisiting the Negative Data of Distantly Supervised Relation Extraction
This repository contains the source code and dataset for the paper: **Revisiting the Negative Data of Distantly Supervised Relation Extraction**. Chenhao Xie, Jiaqing Liang, Jingping Liu, Chengsong Huang, Wenhao Huang, Yanghua Xiao. ACL 2021. [paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.10158.pdf)


## How to reproduce

Install all the dependencies in `requirements.txt`.

Download the BERT-related files and follow the instructions in `tfhub/readme.md`
Run`rere/bert-to-h5.py` to produce`bert_uncased.h5` and `chinese_roberta_wwm_ext.h5`.

The models: ReRe and ReRe_LSTM, in table 3 are provided for reproducing in the dictionary `rere` and `rere_lstm`.
`extraction.py` is the main file.
If you want to train the model, you may use cmd `python extraction.py {data_set_name} train`.
You can also load the model and predict by the cmd `python extraction.py {data_set_name}`,for example `python extraction.py NYT11-HRL`. We can provide the pre-trained model for reproducing exactly the same result as in the paper.

The data set in Figure 3 are provided in `data/FNexp`.The data sets are generated by `data/FN_data_gen.py`.
You can use the cmd`python extraction.py FNexp/{data_set_name}@{radio} train`, for example `python extraction.py FNexp/ske2019@0.1`,to train the corresponding model.

## Datasets
Datasets will be provided separately in [this repo](https://github.com/redreamality/-RERE-data.git). 
Including two new datasets NYT21 and SKE21 (the labeled testset of SKE2019).

## Usage and troubleshooting

The package `bert4keras` that we provided in `./rere/BERT_TF2` can alternatively be installed via pip, but we **don't** guarantee that its latest version works with our code, if trouble happens, please run `pip uninstall bert4keras`.
If pretrained the models are needed for reproduce, please contact the authors. We are willing to provide them.

## Environments detail
NVIDIA-SMI 455.23.04

Driver Version: 455.23.04

CUDA Version: 11.1  

GeForce RTX 3090

Python 3.7.9

`requirements.txt` are provided for installing the virtual environment in conda.

## Citation

    @inproceedings{xie2021revisiting,
      title={Revisiting the Negative Data of Distantly Supervised Relation Extraction},
      author={Xie, Chenhao and Liang, Jiaqing and Liu, Jingping and Huang, Chengsong and Huang, Wenhao and Xiao, Yanghua},
      booktitle={Proceedings of the 59th Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics},
      year={2021}
    }